What are you doing?
I miss you
You haven’t come to Li Shi lately
Did my brother say something to you?
How could that be?
Xiao Yuan, I haven’t divorced yet
I think our relationship
doesn’t need to be rushed
What do you mean?
Are you
saying you don’t want to be with me anymore?
Oh, Xiao Yuan.
How could that be?
Right now I’m
Don’t forget
You were the one who begged
for me to be with you
Xiao Yuan
I’m still not completely free of Jian Dao
After I’m completely free of her
and get the company shares
Of course I’ll be with you
Really?
Really
Swear it
I, Zhang Wen Xu, swear
Every word I’ve said to Li Xiao Yuan
is true
Otherwise I’ll
Otherwise, in my future, every day
will be the cruelest hell
I knew it
Wen Xu loves me the most
Wen Xu, I’m sorry
I hit you just now because I was too angry
I was afraid you didn’t love me anymore
Xiao Yuan, Xiao Yuan
Xiao Yuan, are you okay?
If not, leave now
I’m afraid he’ll hurt you
What does Wen Xu want?
If I say
I need the support of Li Shi right now
Will Xiao Yuan help me?